In this video i will explain you how to set up
a new project. To do so, open the repository you
downloaded from github: "learning parametric
design". Inside you will find two folders:
"code" and "lectures". "lectures" holds all the
code examples from these videos, as well as the
website. Inside "code" you can set up your own
projects. To do so, simply copy the "example"
folder, paste it inside the "code" folder, give it
a nice name. Don't use any special letters or any
spaces inside your names, otherwise you might run
into trouble opening it in the browser later on.
And if you go inside your new project folder, you
will find two files. The first file index.html.
This is the HTML file we will open in the browser.
This holds the commands to load the p5.js library,
to load an additional plugin for p5.js, which
allows us to export vector graphics later on,
as well as the sketch.js file. And the sketch.js
file is the file we are going to write our own
code in. And this is the second file
in the folder, the sketch.js file.
And here we will write our own commands to create
our graphics. To get a preview of how this looks
in the browser, we can simply click on the HTML
file again, then click on the "go live". "go live"
is the extension we installed in the last video.
And now you should get a new tab in your browser,
with the result from the sketch.js file. And
the nice thing about the live extension is,
that this extension is monitoring our files
and as soon as we save a file, it recognizes
this and reloads the website for us. So if i
change the background color here. for example
and save the file. We see that the
website is automatically updated.